Testing and ReadMe file (#13)
sisay2405/phiscal-fitness-app: README.md

<!-- PROJECT -->
<a id="top"></a>
  <div align="center">
  <h1 align="center">Physical Fitness</h1>
    <a href="https://github.com/sisay2405/Physical-fitness">
        <img width="250" height="80"alt="Github" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sisay2405/phiscal-fitness-app/feature/readme/src/assets/images/github.png">
            </a>
</div>
<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>

>         <li><a href="#wireframe">Wireframe</a></li>

Reviewer: The 'Wireframe' link is still not working for me.

      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

> This app build with the existing knowledge of the React basics, and give you further practice working with codebase linting, component testing, Redux Toolkit, and TypeScript. A user should, at the bare minimum: exercise (add exercise, [pushup, pull, number, completed/not] save to storage , loop)  \* Create complex workouts easily  \*Define your own exercises with custom durations \* Add , update and remove exercises.

Reviewer: Perhaps make the list of app features show up as a bulleted list?

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

- npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

### Installation

1. Get a free account at for firebase to create your own collection and add it to your .env file to connect your API to your Data base
2. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/sisay2405/Physical-fitness
   ```
3. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4. Enter your firebase link in your `.env` file in your backend
   ```js
   REACT_APP_FIREBASE_API_KEY = 'ENTER YOUR API KEY';
   REACT_APP_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN = 'ENTER YOUR FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN';
   REACT_APP_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID = 'ENTER YOUR FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID';
   REACT_APP_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET = 'ENTER YOUR FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET';
   REACT_APP_FIREBASE_MESSAGING_SENDER_ID = 'ENTER YOUR FIREBASE_MESSAGING_SENDER_ID';
   REACT_APP_FIREBASE_APP_ID = 'ENTER YOUR FIREBASE_APP_ID';
   ```
5. npm start for START the app.

<a  align="right" href="#top">Back to top</a>
<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Usage

Can be used to workout the Exercises your can create your own physical fiteness web app and share it with your community. You can:

> - [x] creat, customezie Exercises

Reviewer: Please correct spelling/capitalization:

```suggestion
- [x] Creat, Customize Exercises
```

- [x] Add Exercises
- [x] Delete Exercises
- [x] Edit Exercises
- [x] User Sign In/Sign Up
- [x] To creat your Exercises you will need to sign in/sign up

<a  align="right" href="#top">Back to top</a>
<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Sisay Areaya - sareaya@alphaworks.tech , abrehasisay04@gmail.com

Project Link: <a href="https://github.com/sisay2405/phiscal-fitness-app"> Physical Fitness
            </a>

> <a  align="right" href="#top">Back to top</a>

Reviewer: I'd recommend wrapping all these 'Back to top' links inside of paragraphs so they show up below any existing text.

<!-- PROJECT -->
  <p align="center">

>    Phisical Fitness

Reviewer: Should this show up as the largest header (basically an H1?) Also, note that 'Physical Fitness' is the proper english spelling.

    <br />
        <img src="/assets/images/github.png"
        alt="GitHub"

>              height="80"></a>

Reviewer: This image is not loading properly on your repo.

    <br />

>     ![Github](https://github.com/sisay2405/phiscal-fitness-app/blob/feature/readme/src/assets/images/github.png)

Reviewer: Please correct link to point to GitHub itself rather than the image, and correct so the text of "GitHub" shows as link text.

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details open="open">
  <summary><h2 style="display: inline-block">Table of Contents</h2></summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
        <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
        <li><a href="#wireframe">Wireframe</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>

>     <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>

Reviewer: Several of the links in this list don't seem to work correctly.

* Create complex workouts easily
* Define your own exercises with custom durations
* Add , update and remove exercises 

This app used Redux Toolkit and state slices to manage any state data needed across multiple components. In the case where data is created and used only within one component (or possibly one and a few of its direct children), consider using useState() or useReducer() and traditional prop drilling. Most apps will use a combination of "local" state management (useState() and useReducer()) and "global" state management (Redux or Context API).

Apply the TypeScript static typing system. try to use TypeScript for the majority of React components! installed typescript, add support for TypeScript linting, and use either .ts or .tsx extension for the files to apply TypeScript type-checking on.

Use the `BLANK_README.md` to get started.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

> ### Screenshots

Reviewer: This header is not showing up correctly styled for me. Not sure if it's the combination of HTML plus markdown?

### Built With

A few of the frameworks/libraries that were used to build the project are:

> * [![React][React.js]][React-url]

Reviewer: Please either correct link or change to plain text `React`.

Reviewer: Hi Sisay, this still needs to be corrected.

* Firebase
* React Redux 
* Axios
* React Router
* EsLint and AirBnb
* Typescript

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Wireframe using Figma 
  ### Getting Started The App build out with simple wireframes using Figma.
<img src="/assets/images/homewireframe.png"
        alt="home page"
             height="80">
<img src="/assets/images/signinwireframe.png"
        alt="sign in page"
             height="80">
<img src="/assets/images/signupwireframe.png"
        alt="sign up page"

>              height="80">

Reviewer: The wireframe images aren't loading for me. Most likely because this file lives at a level where no `/assets/images` folder exists.

### How To Backup & Restore Your Workouts
You can export individual workouts or create an export of all your workouts and import them later. You can also transfer them to another device.

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.

> To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

Reviewer: I think this paragraph can be removed.

### Prerequisites

* npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

### Installation
### Installation

> _Below is an example of how you can instruct your audience on installing and setting up your app. This template doesn't rely on any external dependencies or services._

Reviewer: Duplicate `Installation` header, plus the paragraph below can be removed.

### Installation

> 1. Get a free account at for firebase to create your own collection and add it to your .env file to connect your API to your Data base

Reviewer: This bullet is a little confusing... maybe combine it with bullet 4 or reference bullet 4 to clarify?

2. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/sisay2405/phiscal-fitness-app
   ```
3. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
   ### Installation

> 4. Enter your firebase link in your `.env` file in your backend 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter your firebase configuration details in your `.env` file in your backend 
```

   ```js
   REACT_APP_FIREBASE_API_KEY = 'ENTER YOUR API KEY';
   REACT_APP_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN = 'ENTER YOUR FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN';
   REACT_APP_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID = 'ENTER YOUR FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID';
   REACT_APP_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET = 'ENTER YOUR FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET';
   REACT_APP_FIREBASE_MESSAGING_SENDER_ID = 'ENTER YOUR FIREBASE_MESSAGING_SENDER_ID';
   REACT_APP_FIREBASE_APP_ID = 'ENTER YOUR FIREBASE_APP_ID';
   ```
5. npm start for START the app.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

Can be used to workout the Exercises your can create your own phisical finteness web app and share it with your community. You can:

- [x] creat, customezie Exercises
- [x] Add Exercises
- [x] Delete Exercises
- [x] Edit Exercises
- [x] User Sign In/Sign Up
    - [x] To creat your Exercises you will need to sign in/sign up

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Sisay Areaya - sareaya@alphaworks.tech , abrehasisay04@gmail.com

> Project Link: [https://github.com/sisay2405/phiscal-fitness-app]https://github.com/sisay2405/phiscal-fitness-app

Reviewer: Link doesn't work properly... look into markdown link formatting, please. (Or use an HTML anchor tag as you do in other areas.)

> <p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Reviewer: These 'back to top' links don't seem to work correctly.

Reviewer: The 'back to top' links now work properly, but aren't always showing up on a new line and are sometimes showing up on the same line as existing text.
